Development of the Application Using Agile Methodology
Since4 weeks were allotted to complete this project, I divided the aforementioned period into four sprints :
Sprint 1-Research; (14-21 June):
Sprint 2-Developing the basic functionality; (21-28 June):
Sprint 3-Styling the page and adding features; (28 June-5 July):
Sprint 4-Adding Surprise feature and other features; (5 July- 12 July):


As I am a beginner, learning the nuances of web development, i.e.,  HTML, CSS, JavaScript, NodeJs was a continuous process throughout the period.
* Sprint 1-Research; (14-21 June):
Starting from scratch, I devoted the first week to research on how to start building the project.
I surfed the internet, read multiple articles and watched Youtube tutorials on how technologies such as WebRtc, Jitsi and Peerjs work.
Targets Planned:
       1)  Research on how to create the basic functionality of video call between 2 users.


Targets Achieved:
1. Learnt how peerJs works in establishing a peer to peer connection.
2. Learnt theory on how Nodejs works. 


* Sprint 2-Developing the basic functionality; (21-28 June):
The main aim for this week was to develop a base,i.e, an application with the minimum functionality.
Targets Planned:
1. Developing a webpage with the minimum functionality,i.e., a minimum of two users can connect through a video call.


Targets Achieved:
1. With the help of a youtube tutorial and a blog, I created a plain webpage with the video calling capability. After creating an Express server, I used peerjs and socket.io to create a room wherein when users join would be able to have a video call


Targets Incomplete:
1. Couldn’t add any styling elements to the webpage.
2. Faced a socket.io error wherein other users got connected but the user’s video was not visible.


* Sprint 3-Styling the page and adding features; (28 June-5 July):
Targets Planned:
1. Rectify the socket.io error
2. Adding some style elements and add some basic features.
3. Adding a feature for Screen-Sharing and Whiteboard.
Targets Achieved:
1. Rectified the socket.io error after referring to stack overflow. The error had occurred due to wrong declaration and improper installation of dependencies.
2. Added features of ‘mute’, ‘stop video’, ‘invite button’ and ‘nametag’.
Targets Incomplete:
1. The user’s screen is getting captured but I am unable to display it on the HTML page.
2. Unable to present whiteboard on the same page as the meet.
* Sprint 4-Adding Surprise feature and other features; (5 July- 12 July):
Targets:
1)  Incorporating the surprise feature, i.e, chat feature.
2)  Adding a feature for Screen-Sharing.


Achieved:
1. Was able to incorporate a chat functionality within the meet.
2. Created a chat with multiple rooms, where users reach upon opening the URL and after exiting the meet.
Features Currently Working on:
1. Improve the Screen Sharing so that it opens within the meet.
2. Improve the White-Board feature so that it opens within the meet
3. Raise Hand
      
Features Planned:
1. Master mute, stop the video and remove participant control for the host.
2. Participants List
3. Chat backup, so that when a new user joins he/she has access to the previous chat messages of that meet